[DS-343]: [Documentation] Update Contribution Page on prima.design (#263)
primait/pyxis: CONTRIBUTING.md

# 💜 Collaborating and Contributing

> *Pyxis* is a living design system. As such it is in the process of continuous improvement, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Pyxis* is a living design system. As such, it is in the process of continuous improvement, 
```

it may not meet all your requirements: there could be an icon, a UI component or perhaps a typography setting you'd like to change.
Maybe there's a problem which doesn't have a clear design solution or challenges with the implementation.

> In all cases team Pyxis is here to help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In all cases, team Pyxis is here to help.
```

## Discuss with Team Pyxis your mockups or design challenges

Pyxis implement solutions to many design problems.

> Mockups _can be validated with designers_ The _foundations, components and design tokens_ are the basic bricks for building everything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mockups _can be validated with designers_ The _foundations, components, and design tokens_ are the basic bricks for building everything.
```

Author: that comma is not needed

> Please check our [design site](https://prima.design/3794e337c/p/87a3b6-pyxis) where our documentation lives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please check our [design site](https://prima.design/3794e337c/p/87a3b6-pyxis), where our documentation lives.
```

> Drop by in our slack channel [#team-pyxis](https://prima.slack.com/archives/C02GWSGR14Y) we are always keen to share time with you understanding you point of view, doing pairing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drop by our slack channel [#team-pyxis](https://prima.slack.com/archives/C02GWSGR14Y). We always try to share time with you, understand your perspectives, and pair.
```

> We are happy to discuss the problem/solution and see how it fits it our design system guidelines and if it benefits other Pyxis users we are keen to include it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are happy to discuss the problem/solution and see how it fits our design system guidelines, and if it benefits other Pyxis users, we are keen to include it.
```

Author: it is not a secondary phrase

## I've found a bug

> This can happen. When you find a bug in Pyxis please [open an issue in Github](https://github.com/primait/pyxis/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug%2Ctriage&template=bug_report.yml&title=%5BBug%5D%3A+) detailing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bugs can happen. When you find a bug in Pyxis, please [open an issue in Github](https://github.com/primait/pyxis/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug%2Ctriage&template=bug_report.yml&title=%5BBug%5D%3A+) detailing:
```

- Version
- Module (e.g. elm or react)
- Expected behaviour
- Clear steps to reproduce

> - Device(s) affected: which _browsers, resolutions or devices_ suffer from the bug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Device(s) affected: which _browsers, resolutions, or devices_ suffer from the bug
```

- Include screenshots or videos if you believe they can help us to understand and address the bug.

> Once you're doing feel free to ping us in our slack channel. We review the bugs periodically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When done, feel free to ping us on our slack channel. We review the bugs periodically.
```
